Updating bq config doc (#5756)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/building-a-dbt-project/building-models/73eaa8a-Screen_Shot_2020-01-20_at_12.12.54_PM.png" title="Viewing labels in the BigQuery console"/>

### Specifying tags

> This isn't the tag you're looking for (it's just a label with no value).

Reviewer: i think we may want to keep this info the same - I've asked in the slack thread to confirm

Author: Thanks Mirna

> This isn't the tag you're looking for (it's just a label with no value).

Author: ```suggestion
BigQuery table and view *tags* can be created by supplying an empty string for the label value..
```

> BigQuery table and view *tags* can be created by supplying an empty string for the label value..

Author: ```suggestion
BigQuery table and view *tags* can be created by supplying an empty string for the label value.
```

</File>

> You can create a new label with no value or remove a value from an existing label key. A label with a key that has an empty value can also be referred to as a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. Find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). 

Reviewer: sugg adding a line break and adding the clarification that bigquery uses tag for both things
```suggestion
You can create a new label with no value or remove a value from an existing label key. 

A label with a key that has an empty value can also be [referred](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/adding-labels#adding_a_label_without_a_value) to as a tag in BigQuery. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. Find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). 
```

Currently, it's not possible to apply IAM tags in BigQuery, however, you can contribute by upvoting [this issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/issues/1134) on GitHub.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
You can create a new label with no value or remove a value from an existing label key.
Sometimes a label with a key that has an empty value is referred to as a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. Find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). 
```

> Currently, it's not possible to apply IAM tags in BigQuery, however, you can contribute by upvoting [this issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/issues/1134) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it's not possible to apply IAM tags in BigQuery, however, you can weigh in by upvoting [GitHub issue 1134](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/issues/1134).
```

</File>

> Sometimes a label with key with an empty value is referred to a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.

Reviewer: if this content is the same as the google one, we can just provide a concise sentence and link to the google doc so it's less maintenance should the google docs change.

> Sometimes a label with key with an empty value is referred to a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a label with key with an empty value is referred to a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.
```

> Sometimes a label with key with an empty value is referred to a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.

Author: ```suggestion
A label with an empty value is also called a tag, but this shouldn't be confused with with a tag resource which is suitable for setting iam permissions. You can find out more about this in [Tag tables and databases](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags).
```

> Sometimes a label with key with an empty value is referred to a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a label with key with an empty value is referred to a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.
```

> Sometimes a label with key with an empty value is referred to a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.

Reviewer: i feel like the last sentence fits better at the beginning since it follows on from the previous sentence about supplying an empty string for the label value.

also added specific info what tag resource means (iam)

```suggestion
You can create a new label with no value or remove a value from an existing label key.

Sometimes a label with a key that has an empty value is referred to as a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. Find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). 
```

> Sometimes a label with a key that has an empty value is referred to as a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags). You can find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). You can create a new label with no value, or you can remove a value from an existing label key.

Author: ```suggestion

```

For more information, you can also look at [Tags overview](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
It's not currently possible to apply IAM tags in Big Query. However, we have an open [feature request](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/issues/1134) which you can view and upvote in GitHub.
```

> For more information, you can also look at [Tags overview](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview)

Reviewer: we're linking to the overview doc twice, so not sure if it's needed?
```suggestion
```

> In cases where you are labeling a resource, using labels without values can be beneficial, and as a note, you won't need the key-value format. For example, if a table contains test data that is used by multiple groups, such as support or development, you can add a `test_data` label to the table to identify it.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, you can also look at [Tags overview](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview)
```

> It's not currently possible to apply IAM tags in Big Query. However, we have an open [feature request](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/issues/1134) which you can view and upvote in GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it's not possible to apply IAM tags in BigQuery, however, you can contribute by upvoting [this issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/issues/1134) on GitHub.
```

> Sometimes a label with a key that has an empty value is referred to as a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. Find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). 

Author: ```suggestion
You can create a new label with no value or remove a value from an existing label key.

Sometimes a label with a key that has an empty value is referred to as a tag. However, this should not be confused with a [tag resource](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. Find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview). 

Currently, it's not possible to apply IAM tags in BigQuery, however, you can contribute by upvoting [this issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/issues/1134) on GitHub.

```
